I'm Andy Finney Cadillac sales manager
at the Willis Auto campus and I'd like
to invite you to take a look at the
all-new 2010 Cadillac SRX on the
interior starting with the full color
LED Driver Information Center
it has your compass it has your
speedometer your odometer and a series
of information pages that you can scroll
through to check your tire pressures to
check your oil life
battery voltage etc and it's just very
informational
it would also show your OnStar
turn-by-turn navigation system as we
pull out to the steering wheel you have
several steering wheel controls that
give you your cruise settings your your
music source settings
volume control you can do a
voice-activated navigation so you can
recall an address that you save to your
navigation system even if you're
traveling down the highway you can pull
that up you don't have to stop and park
the car you can recall that address via
voice command also all Cadillacs all
Cadillac SRX is have the factory remote
start and the luxury the performance and
the premium packages this is a luxury
package that we're in now it also has
the push button start since I simply
putting your foot on the brake and
pushing the push button as long as this
is in your purse or in the cabin in your
pocket somewhere it recognizes that and
authorized drivers in the car and that
will start the car as the navigation pop
up from the dash so without this
navigation up if you don't need the
navigation as you're driving through
town it's a nice clean look you know
it's not occupying a lot of the real
estate of the center console or the
the center stack there if you do put the
car in reverse the navigation screen
roll back up and it does have a rear
backup camera so it will show you what
you're heading towards as you are
backing up if you needed the navigation
screen then it would also so show you
your your map information there all the
radios in the Cadillac SRX are bose
systems so you get the fabulous quality
of the bose sound in every Cadillac SRX
you also have a record ability function
with the radio so if you're running
errands and listening to the big game on
the radio and you need to stop and run
an air and duck into the grocery store
to get some more chips you can actually
push record and it will record the radio
you come back out to the car after
you've made your purchase and you can
pick right up and never miss that big
play again and just listen to the entire
game also with every Cadillac SRX is the
panoramic sunroof and that occupies over
70% of the roof it has a shade that is
power as well
so no more reaching for that the sunroof
shade you simply push the button and it
will close this is really a fantastic
car it's um it's one that we're very
excited about here at Willis Cadillac
the Willis Auto campus in Des Moines
Iowa and I'd like to invite you to come
out and drive one this luxury package
SRX is all wheel drive full leather
interior heated seats memory seats power
windows power folding mirrors front Park
Assist rear park assist rear backup
camera and navigation with free OnStar
for a year and that comes in at 42 625
it's a value value value value is a
great value and we invite you in today
let's take a look at it and test drive
one the Willis Auto Campus in Des Moines
Iowa